SUSHI GO RULES!

The Set Up:
A standard deck made up of 14 Dumpling cards, 5 Egg Nigiri cards, 10 Salmon Nigiri cards, 5 Squid Nigiri cards, 26 Maki Roll cards, 14 Sashimi cards, 14 Tempura cards, 6 Wasabi cards, and 10 Pudding cards is created totaling 104 cards. 
Your first step is to select if you would like to play against other human players, and if so, select how many, or select to play against A.I, and if so, their difficulty and how many.
We can have up to 10 players at once with 10 cards in each hand.
Gameplay:
Sushi GO is a game based on creating combinations with your cards and getting points! Each card has special rules and you must fulfill certain criteria to receive points! Every player has a hand and each player has a board.  Every turn each player chooses a card from their hand to put on their board so they can keep it for scoring at the end of the game. After every player has chosen a card the turn ends. At the end of the turn, the players switch hands! The next turn starts and you choose a new card from the new hand. This repeats until no cards are left, then the cards on each player’s board is scored!
At the end of the game, you will be prompted to play again!

Scoring:
Sushi rolls
The players each add up the sushi roll icons at the top of all their sushi roll cards. The player
with the most scores 6 points. If multiple players are tied for the most, they split the points evenly (ignoring any remainder) and no second place points are awarded. The player with the second most sushi roll icons scores 3 points. If multiple players are tied for second place, they split the points evenly (ignoring any remainder).
Example:
Player A has 5 sushi roll icons, Player B has 3, Player C has 2 and Player D has 3. Player A has the most and so scores 6 points. Players B and D tie for second place, and so divide the 3 points between them, scoring 1 point each. Player C scores nothing. Note: A player must have at least 1 sushi roll card to get any points in the sushi roll scoring. That is, having 0 icons cannot count as second place.
Tempura
A set of 2 tempura cards scores 5 points. A single tempura card is worth nothing. A player may score multiple sets of tempura in a round.
Sashimi
A set of 3 sashimi cards scores 10 points. A single sashimi card or a set of only 2 is worth nothing. A player may score multiple sets of sashimi in a round, although this is very hard to do!
Dumplings
The more dumplings a player has, the more points they will score, as follows:
Dumplings 1 2 3 4 5 or more
Points 1 3 6 10 15
Dumplings are topped off at 5. If there are 6 dumpling cards on a player’s board, then they will get 15 points (for the 5 dumpling cards) + 1 point (for the 6th dumpling card).
Nigiri and wasabi
A squid nigiri scores 3 points. If there is a wasabi card it scores 9.
A salmon nigiri scores 2 points. . If there is a wasabi card it scores 6.
An egg nigiri scores 1 point. . If there is a wasabi card it scores 3.
A wasabi card by itself scores nothing. If there are more nigiri cards than there are wasabi cards, the wasabi card will be paired with the highest scoring nigiri card for the highest possible score!
Pudding
The player with the most pudding cards scores 6 points. If multiple players are tied for the most, they split the points evenly (ignoring any remainder). The player with the least pudding cards (which may be 0) loses 6 points. If multiple players are tied for the least, they split the lost points evenly (ignoring any remainder).